Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/code/index.mdx

---

> page_title: Write and modify Terrafrom configuration from the CLI 

Author: ```suggestion
page_title: Format and validate Terraform configuration from the CLI 
```

description: >-

>   Learn about the Terraform commands that help validate, format, and upgrade code written in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn about the Terraform commands that validate, format, and upgrade code written in the
```

>   Terraform configuration language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

# Write and modify Terrafrom configuration from the CLI

> This topic provides an overview of the Terraform CLI commands you can use to programmatically write and modify Terraform configuration code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic provides an overview of the Terraform CLI commands you can use to develop, format, and validate your Terraform configuration.
```
